!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.8	//
AddAdminToUsers	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110215162026_add_admin_to_users.rb	/^class AddAdminToUsers < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
AddEmailUniquenessIndex	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110204140501_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	/^class AddEmailUniquenessIndex < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
AddPasswordsToUsers	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110206160241_add_passwords_to_users.rb	/^class AddPasswordsToUsers < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
AddSaltToUsers	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110206174702_add_salt_to_users.rb	/^class AddSaltToUsers < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
Application	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/config/application.rb	/^  class Application < Rails::Application$/;"	c	class:SampleApp
ApplicationController	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base$/;"	c
ApplicationHelper	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^module ApplicationHelper$/;"	m
CreateMicroposts	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110215225444_create_microposts.rb	/^class CreateMicroposts < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateUsers	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110131163109_create_users.rb	/^class CreateUsers < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
Micropost	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/micropost.rb	/^class Micropost < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
MicropostsController	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	/^class MicropostsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
MicropostsHelper	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/microposts_helper.rb	/^module MicropostsHelper$/;"	m
PagesController	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	/^class PagesController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
PagesHelper	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	/^module PagesHelper$/;"	m
SampleApp	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/config/application.rb	/^module SampleApp$/;"	m
SessionsController	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	/^class SessionsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
SessionsHelper	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	/^module SessionsHelper$/;"	m
User	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	/^class User < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
UsersController	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^class UsersController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
UsersHelper	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	/^module UsersHelper$/;"	m
about	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	/^  def about$/;"	f	class:PagesController
admin_user	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^    def admin_user$/;"	f	class:UsersController
authenticate	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	/^  def authenticate$/;"	f	class:SessionsHelper
authenticate	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	/^ def self.authenticate(email, submitted_password)$/;"	F	class:User
authenticate_with_salt	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	/^ def self.authenticate_with_salt(id, cookie_salt)$/;"	F	class:User
authorized_user	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	/^    def authorized_user$/;"	f	class:MicropostsController
clear_return_to	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	/^    def clear_return_to$/;"	f	class:SessionsHelper
contact	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	/^  def contact$/;"	f	class:PagesController
correct_user	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^    def correct_user$/;"	f	class:UsersController
create	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:MicropostsController
create	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:SessionsController
create	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:UsersController
current_user	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	/^  def current_user$/;"	f	class:SessionsHelper
current_user=	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	/^  def current_user=(user)$/;"	f	class:SessionsHelper
current_user?	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	/^  def current_user?(user)$/;"	f	class:SessionsHelper
deny_access	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	/^  def deny_access$/;"	f	class:SessionsHelper
destroy	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:MicropostsController
destroy	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:SessionsController
destroy	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:UsersController
down	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110131163109_create_users.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F	class:CreateUsers
down	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110204140501_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F	class:AddEmailUniquenessIndex
down	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110206160241_add_passwords_to_users.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F	class:AddPasswordsToUsers
down	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110206174702_add_salt_to_users.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F	class:AddSaltToUsers
down	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110215162026_add_admin_to_users.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F	class:AddAdminToUsers
down	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110215225444_create_microposts.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F	class:CreateMicroposts
edit	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:UsersController
encrypt	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	/^  def encrypt(string)$/;"	f	class:User
encrypt_password	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	/^  def encrypt_password$/;"	f	class:User
feed	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	/^ def feed$/;"	f	class:User
gravatar_for	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	/^  def gravatar_for(user, options = { :size => 50 })$/;"	f	class:UsersHelper
has_password?	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	/^ def has_password?(submitted_password)$/;"	f	class:User
help	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	/^  def help$/;"	f	class:PagesController
home	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	/^  def home$/;"	f	class:PagesController
index	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:MicropostsController
index	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:UsersController
logged_in	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^    def logged_in $/;"	f	class:UsersController
logo	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def logo$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
make_salt	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	/^  def make_salt$/;"	f	class:User
new	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:SessionsController
new	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:UsersController
redirect_back_or	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	/^  def redirect_back_or(default)$/;"	f	class:SessionsHelper
remember_token	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	/^    def remember_token$/;"	f	class:SessionsHelper
secure_hash	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	/^  def secure_hash(string)$/;"	f	class:User
show	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:UsersController
sign_in	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	/^  def sign_in(user)$/;"	f	class:SessionsHelper
sign_out	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	/^  def sign_out$/;"	f	class:SessionsHelper
signed_in?	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	/^  def signed_in?$/;"	f	class:SessionsHelper
store_location	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	/^    def store_location$/;"	f	class:SessionsHelper
test_sign_in	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/spec/spec_helper.rb	/^  def test_sign_in(user)$/;"	f
title	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^  def title$/;"	f	class:ApplicationHelper
up	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110131163109_create_users.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F	class:CreateUsers
up	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110204140501_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F	class:AddEmailUniquenessIndex
up	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110206160241_add_passwords_to_users.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F	class:AddPasswordsToUsers
up	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110206174702_add_salt_to_users.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F	class:AddSaltToUsers
up	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110215162026_add_admin_to_users.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F	class:AddAdminToUsers
up	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/db/migrate/20110215225444_create_microposts.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F	class:CreateMicroposts
update	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:UsersController
user_from_remember_token	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	/^    def user_from_remember_token$/;"	f	class:SessionsHelper
wrap	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/microposts_helper.rb	/^  def wrap(content)$/;"	f	class:MicropostsHelper
wrap_long_string	/home/ovca/Dropbox/Programiranje/ruby/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/microposts_helper.rb	/^    def wrap_long_string(text, max_width = 30) # isprekidaj duge rijeci kako se nebi raspao layout$/;"	f	class:MicropostsHelper
